Madam Vice President.
The staff is here.
This group again.
This guy pays for a support person.
In the future, you will definitely have to borrow this bad habit from him.
It's you again.
Hey old man, how much money did you give me?
Let you risk being crushed to death by the Chu family.
720 really offends you
Manager Vuong quickly taught these runners a little.
Uncle Little, why did you come here in person?
Ha ha ha ha ha
Idiot.
Pretend to be a bad person to deal with the master of your own family.
So bodyguards
In the legend, the Dragon God sees the head but cannot see the tail.
Total.
Being a boy is never possible.
Report to the old lady, please forgive the young master this time.
Furniture clearly benefited headless.
Did I give you those two scammers?
I was wrong, Director Vuong, why are you hugging these two butts?
Oh what?
Shut up.
Do you want to kill me?